---
title: Wants
category: business-diary
tags: post-day
---
Today I met with two people who I might end up working with.

#Building the Team

One I really want to work with. In fact one of the reasons I want so much to work with him is because I would like to see if he could run the company in the future.

I explained this plan to him. Since reading [How to Argue & Win Every Time](http://www.amazon.com/How-Argue-Win-Every-Time/dp/0312144776/) a few months ago I've been experimenting with a lot more honesty.

Often times in the past I haven't shared things that I'm embarrassed about or that I don't think people need to know.

In this case I opted to go that route and tell this person that I'm interested in having someone else capable of running the business in something like 5 years time. I also explained my reasons why and some of the challenges I anticipate with that plan.

The other person I met with is a potential Ruby software developer.

The way our work is going I'm not sure how to fit him in, but I feel like with his skill set there is a good opportunity for him to help him bring revenue to our company.

# Quality

I've been thinking about branding and what we want to build.

When I hear people talk about [Eightfold](http://eightfold-creative.com/), a company that [creates amazing videos](https://vimeo.com/133867040)), they keep using phrases like: great work, quality, awesome, etc.

Another company I've noticed where people think about quality is [Moo](http://www.moo.com/), a company that creates high-quality business cards.

I want to help small business owners have websites that wow. I feel like quality is a big part of that.

I've been wondering what quality means regarding websites?

To me quality websites are:

 - action drivers
 - fast
 - mobile friendly
 - reliable

But what do small business owners think of when they think quality?

Maybe it is fast response times? Maybe it is being available, probably it is all those things :)

I also got to thinking, where does our price point need to be for us to deliver high quality websites and support ourselves?

# Today

Other than those meetings I primarily worked on small tasks that I'd been putting off. I also spent a decent amount of time on emails, which I've gotten way behind on again.

I did hear back on one of the proposals we submitted. It sounds like they want to move forward. One potential issue raised is the user interface that will allow our client to edit content.

This is a potential problem because that is an area of the platform that I feel needs some work.

